Week 1:
3. Buy Leads - Ads Banners with admin setup , Add Country Filters ,Filter by Industry, Trending Categories in bottom
	of leads page , Better Filter UI/UX
4. Sell Leads - Same as Buy Leads
Week 2:
8. Tradeshow - Dynamic Showing on Home Page , Link with Home Page
Week 3:
9. Footer - New Static Pages for all Buttons
10. Agro Tradex - Clear what message is
11. All Products - Display Page Ad Boxes
12. Stock Sell - Introduction, and Ad Boxes
13. RFQ Page - New Form


Top features & pages

1. Buy leads ( flow will be -showing same header, display leads , then leads by country show flags, by industry mention all industry, place vendor ad banner space, place google ad space, Tranding categories in the bottom and footer same as home page)  
2. ⁠sell offer ( same as buy lead page but different page theme color n look ) 
3. ⁠Agri tradex (category page Agri result) ( display that feature on home page and redirect to market place and open Agri n food on top result.) 
4. ⁠market place ( category page ) ( all products display page, vendor ad banner , Google ads) ( second page open when click on product - header , pro image , spec , other product by same vendor , vendor address com name , check global sources website for detail )
5. ⁠stock sell ( header , introduction of feature, product pic , spec, ( develop top and bottom rest I will design n send u) )
6. ⁠deal assist will send u in the last 
7. ⁠trade shows ( u have already designed but it’s not linked with home page, )
8. ⁠cv submit (industry jobs) not linked with home page 
9. ⁠RFQ ( finalize design of form and how u will display on home page , make final design) 
10. ⁠membership ( once all pages will finalize I will send u the list as per plans) 


**Sub pages of these master pages needs to be finalize 

** vendor dashboard still pending , need design so that I can advise further 

*** admin dashboard also , that’s huge and finalize the page structure first 

** decide theme for whole web 

** home page must be finalize and ready first so that internally u can amend the pages ( ux is missing completely or not started yet so start with home page and finalize it.) 

** market place page UX also. It looks basic. Refer global sources and made in china for market place page white u will display all categories and product page and then vendor profile page.
